first up I'll need a ladder links are
awesome climbers they're attractable
claws can work like crampons taking them
up almost vertical trees little bit of
meat just up there
the presence of food switches on their
hunting instincts he's thinking about it
go on girl oh yes that was both
incredibly elegant Swift and merciless
the last swipe of the pore was just so
fast magnificent being such good
climbers links are really at home in the
trees in fact they'll hunt by jumping
down out of branches onto prey she's not
tame and definitely can't be trusted
lying
if I said I wasn't a little bit nervous
at the moment got two links right above
my head and a big guy just stalking
around in front of me cats that can take
on prey as big as deer
they are awesome one of the links is
deadly abilities is their capacity to
spring straight up in the air from the
ground potentially to catch a flying
bird and I'm gonna try and show you that
now unfortunately this one here has just
got an elevated position which is a
little bit freaky and maybe she'll come
down but not towards me
okay all right I'm going up Johnny
okay I'm hoping that that's about the
right height that's probably just over
two meters so let's move the ladder away
and move ourselves away and see our
links in action
okay all three of them are watching are
we gonna see it Oh
that was extraordinary from a complete
standing start two meters straight up
into the air